## Week 12

This was defintely one of the busier weeks to say the least... While my project was coming together relatively as I imagined, I was held back by a few things that I hadn't yet considered. For starters, I originally had a couple of elements in my sketch, such as a particle burst upon beat detection, that were really impairing the overall sketch. While they looked cool and were part of my original idea, they were causing a quite a lot of jumpiness and lag in the sketch, which really ruined the experience as the visuals couldn't keep up with the sound. I decided that the visuals I had were enough, and that I should focus on the quality of those elements rather than adding more. 

Throughout my testing, I had only been using a couple of different songs to test the visual reactions in the sketch, so while the result was great for these songs, I found that once I got the upload functionality working properly and starting trying many different songs, the result was less than satisfactory. This is because I had been tuning the visuals to work well with specific songs, but every song has different qualities that would effect the visuals differently. For example, I found some songs were having the colours stay in the same range throughout the whole song, which is not ideal, so I changed the way colours were mapped. I had originally been using a complicated mapping system based on the 360 degrees of colour hues with a selected range for bass and negtive range for treble. I realised that 99% of the time in music, the treble and bass would never be at the same level, so for a more accurate effect, I could actually just give them the same mapping range of 0-360. This produced a much better result.

The final sketch of the [Chromaesthetor](https://sylvain-girard.github.io/Slave2theAlgo2020/week12/Chromaesthetor/). As of submission it's working well on desktops, laptops, and tablets, however not on screens with a very different aspect ratio (phones).
